From : "Adobe Acrobat" <mail@mail.adobe.com>
Subject : Always on the move?
Content :
Always on the move?
Work anywhere with Adobe Acrobat Pro.
Set up shop anywhere.
Tap into PDF and e-sign features that get the job done on desktop, mobile, or web.
Get started
Work in harmony anywhere.
Keep your finger on the pulse even on the go. Share PDFs and get back to comments using your phone or tablet.
Remix your work.
Edit a line of text, add new imagery throughout, and refine your project right in the PDF.
Get this show on the web.
Access your tools online to create stunning portfolios and get contracts signed anywhere.
Get started
Acrobats got it.
Adobe services, like Adobe Document Cloud, are available only to users 13 and older. Use of Adobe services and applications requires agreement with the applicable
Terms of Use
and the
Adobe Privacy Policy
.
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Creative Cloud, the Creative Cloud logo, and Document Cloud are either registered  trademarks or trademarks of Adobe in the United States and/or other countries.
This is not a comprehensive list of Adobe trademarks. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Adobe Trademark Guidelines
.
 2024 Adobe Inc. Allrightsreserved.
This is a marketing email from Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited, 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Park, Dublin 24, Ireland.
Clickhere
to unsubscribe, or send an unsubscribe request to the address above.
Your privacy is important to us. Please review Adobe's Privacy Policy by clicking here:
www.adobe.com/in/privacy.html
.
PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS MESSAGE. To obtain information on how to contact Adobe, visit the web at
helpx.adobe.com/in/support.html
.
If you have a privacy-related complaint, send it to
privacy@adobe.com
.
This email has been sent to
mayurdabade1103@gmail.com
Read online
------------------------------
From : HackerRank Team <no-reply@hackerrankmail.com>
Subject : Can You Solve Top Earners?
Content :
Hi Mayur,
Improve your skills with this challenge recommended for you:
Top Earners
SQL  | 423,867 submissions
Find the maximum amount of money earned by any employee, as well as the number of top earners (people who have earned this amount).
Solve Challenge
Happy coding,
The HackerRank team
You are receiving this email because you have email notifications enabled on HackerRank account. Unsubscribe from this promotion
here
. Copyright  2022 HackerRank (700 E El Camino Real #300, Mountain View, California 94041), All rights reserved.
------------------------------
From : Pinterest <recommendations@discover.pinterest.com>
Subject : Mayur, you have a good eye
Content :
chhatrapati shivaji jayanti Raja Aala Raja Aala HD Status video bholebaba  Chhatrapati  Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj  .....Video Status 
Raja Aala Raja Aa...
Raja Aala Raja Aala HD Status video
Chhatrapati
Chhatrapati




chhatrapati shiva...
chhatrapati shivaji jayanti
bholebaba 
bholebaba 
Chatrapati Shivaj...
Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj  .....Video Status
See more
Was this email useful?
Yes
No
Based on your activity
Help Center

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Unsubscribe
Pinterest. Inc

651 Brannan Street

San Francisco

CA, 94107
------------------------------
From : Medium Daily Digest <noreply@medium.com>
Subject : Major project for CSE final year | Sahil Ali
Content :
Stories for
Mayur Dabade
@mayurdabade1103

Become a member
Today's highlights
Sahil Ali

3 min read
Major project for CSE final year
In the world of tech and cool ideas, there are lots of big projects that do different things. They solve
Nitesh Chaudhry

2 min read
FAANG+ Data Engineer Learning roadmap for 2024
With AI & Data Science taking the center stage of all new tech investments, data engineering is set to grow
Jussi Luukkonen  your curiosity guide
in
ILLUMINATION-Curated

8 min read
Navigating the Maze of Modern Loneliness with Observations and Interactions
Loneliness is an epidemic that only one person can cure at a time.
Josef Cruz
in
Stackademic

3 min read
The Fate of Engineers Who Gain Years Without Increasing Their Skills
I was shaking as I was writing this.
Albers Uzila
in
Level Up Coding

6 min read
Code Development Best Practices for Your Data Science Projects with Makefile
How to maintain clean codes and automate the process
Youssef Hosni
in
Towards AI

12 min read
LLM Researcher and Scientist Roadmap: A Guide to Mastering Large Language
This comprehensive article serves as a roadmap for aspiring LLM researchers and scientists, offering a
George Stavrakis
in
Towards Data Science

17 min read
Extracting text from PDF files with Python: A comprehensive guide
A complete process to extract textual information from tables, images, and plain text from a PDF file
Devansh
in
DataDrivenInvestor

13 min read
Google extracted ChatGPTs Training Data using a silly trick.
Scalable Extraction of Training Data from (Production) Language Models
Paul Is Positive
in
ILLUMINATION

4 min read
How To Detect An AI Written Article
With the emergence of AI comes the rise of the fake writer
Petrica Leuca
in
Women in Technology

5 min read
In A Mono Tech World We Will Never Be Good Enough
A tale of ego and pride
Eric Risco

3 min read
The End of Retrieval Augmented Generation? Emerging Architectures Signal a
Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) has been a cornerstone in enhancing large language models (LLMs) for
ChenDataBytes

11 min read
Build Recommendation Systems: OpenAIs Embeddings, Matrix Factorization and
Explore Content-Based and Collaborative Filtering Techniques
Anmol Tomar

8 min read
Pandas Crash Course: Top 30 Functions for ANY Data Analysis
Become a Pro in using Pandas for Data Science
Alexander Nguyen
in
Supportive Software Engineer

3 min read
Googles Unexpected Layoff Warning Email Sent to everyone
No one is safe.
Jess Lagares
in
Python in Plain English

4 min read
Why Are There So Many Programmers Who Cannot Find Jobs?
 Why code sniffing is no longer worth obtaining $100.000/y salaries.
See more of what you like and less of what you dont.
Control your recommendations
Read from anywhere.
Sent by
Medium

Medium, 548 Market St, PMB 42061, SanFrancisco,CA94104
Unsubscribe
from this type of email

Switch to the Weekly Digest

Careers

Help Center

Privacy Policy

Terms of service
------------------------------
From : "OpenSea" <no-reply@info.opensea.io>
Subject : New offer for 0.017 ETH on Profile #93214
Content :
OpenSea
You have an offer on Profile #93214
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
You received anoffer!
You have an offer of
0.017 ETH
for Profile #93214 on OpenSea.
View offer
View recent offers
OpenSea emails will never contain links which directly prompt you to sign a wallet transaction. Never sign a wallet transaction that doesn't list the origin of
https://opensea.io
.
If you no longer wish to receive this type of email from OpenSea, you can unsubscribe
here
.
228 Park Ave South #22014, New York, NY 10003
Get the OpenSea app
2018 - 2024 OpenSea
------------------------------
From : "Game Master (Stock Market Challenge - DSIJ Pvt Ltd)" <info@mailer.dsij.in>
Subject : Getting started with Stock Market Challenge
Content :
Getting started with Stock Market Challenge
You are credited Rs 10 lac virtual cash
Dear Mayur Dabade,
Thank you for registering to Indias finest stock market simulation platform. This is where lakhs of investors hone their investment and trading skills.
Stock Market Challenge is an online simulation trading game where you create and manage your own portfolio and compete with other players in a risk-free environment. Whether you're new to the stock markets or an experienced investor,
this is a powerful tool for building skill, evaluating, and tuning your strategy, and gaining important investing experience.
Stock Market Challenge is free and easy to use. Simply buy stocks to build your initial portfolio. Continue to track the market and reshuffle your portfolio to maximize your gains. Access financial information on stocks to get better insight on its potential and fundamentals.
The Challenge:
Every challenger is assigned Rs 10,00,000 play money in the beginning. The objective is to maximize this amount by intelligently and smartly investing in the Stock Market. Each player is pit against each other and his/her performance determines how the person is doing via-a-vis others. There are multiple time periods for the contest. These are Annual (STD), Quarterly, Monthly, Weekly and Daily. For each of these periods the challengers performances are calculated and ranked vis a vis others. Thus, you have a rank for each of the period. Trade, learn and compete with the best!
The Realism:
This Stock Market Challenge is near real-time as it happens on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). The practical issues faced when a stock hits a circuit or the illiquidity of a stock etc are all captured and simulated so as to ensure a realistic experience of the markets. The Corporate Benefits as in Dividend, Bonus, Split, Mergers, De-Mergers etc are all also considered and applied.
Taking charge of your financial future has never been easier. Think outside of the box and join Stock market challenge.
Start Your Challenge Now!
You can also access via our Stock Game Mobile App on
Android
OR
iOS
Here is an How to Play video to get you started:
Regards
Game Master
Dalal Street Investment Journal.
CIN No -
CIN-U22120MH2003PTC139276,
SEBI RA Registration No -
INH000006396,
SEBI IA Registration No -
INA000001142 Refer given URL to read
Disclosure
and
Disclaimer
Registered Office -
419-A, 4th Floor, Arun Chambers, Tardeo, Next to AC Market, Mumbai - 400034
Head Office -
DSIJ Pvt Ltd Office No. 211, Vascon Platinum Square, Next to Hyatt Regency, Viman Nagar, Pune- 411014
Copyright @ 2023DSIJ Pvt. Ltd. All rights reserved.
You are receiving this mail as you signed up on our site
www.dsij.in
on 2022-05-26 09:35:43
Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read all the related documents carefully before investing.
Registration granted by SEBI, membership of BASL (in case of IAs) and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors.
Unsubscribe
to no longer receive emails from us.
Having trouble reading this email? Click here.
------------------------------
